This directory trees are going to be the base structure for maestro services.

We define the following directory structure:
1: /usr/lib/maestro/blueprints <- Blueprints downloaded.
2: /usr/lib/maestro/layout <- layout generated by the layout editor.
3: /usr/lib/maestro/data/<kit>/runtime <= runtime layout generated by the BP + layout deploiement.
4: /usr/lib/maestro/data/<kit>/jimador/config.json <= files maintained by jimador.

Currently, I have created a 'demo' kit, containing only the runtime layout.

How Maestro services will work with this structure?

Maestro UI:
Maestro ui uses jimador to get the kit service status. jimador maintain a 'config.json' file to get it.
The idea is that jimador is able to generate this file under path 4: (see above)

Maestro ui needs to read a kit specific description of what the kit want to expose to Maestro.
So, Maestro will use a runtime generated document (to accelerate data read) to expose to the ui the content of the kit.


As soon as the notion of kits appear on maestro (several kits managed by one maestro), we will need to introduce the kit notion in the data.

This is going to be identified under <kit> naming.
a /usr/lib/maestro/data/kits.yaml can list all kits managed by Maestro to determine which one Maestro ui will need to display.

In the case of a single kit, like demo one. Maestro ui will directly shows the kit, by reading /usr/lib/maestro/data/demo/runtime/openstack-layout_runtime.yaml.
Services status will be stored under /usr/lib/maestro/data/demo/jimador/config.json.


jimador:
jimador generates a kit service installation status.
We will need jimador to determine where the config.json file is going to be written and read by the ui.
So, we will need to attach a server to a kit. the best place is in hieradata.

puppet:
There is several python scripts:
1. Create a layout runtime from a blueprint and a layout. Something like a merge.
2. Create puppet code (hieradata + manifest-site.pp) from the layout runtime.
3. ui to be updated to read the layout runtime (knowing which kit to read)


